alright so obviously some people are
having trouble with the other cracked I
dungeon pro they can't figure out how to
get it to work in their client so I've
put it inside of this client for you
guys and I'm going to release the
download then the description along with
the virus scan I'm also going to show
you guys how to use it real quick so I
wouldn't open it it opened the rsbot oh
you don't have to worry about putting
script or anything as I said it's
already in there ya go to run there it
is make you can use these if you want
these are just some of the ones I've had
to use lately but if you want to select
your account I highly advise putting an
account in so you don't have to read re
log in every time it messes up or
something like that because if it messes
up on a random and logs out it'll log
back in and try and most the time it'll
get it right so once it's done logging
in for you it
it'll already have this in
oh hey no no okay
log yourself in this is the way I do it
it it's most efficient
log yourself in
start your own party
if your prestige is close to being done
and you plan on letting it run for a
long time then reset your prestige so it
doesn't mess up resetting the prestige
just kind of glitchy at the moment he's
gotta update it then it has to get
cracked again and then I have to release
it again so then I just go down here
put whatever floor let your on mine just
happen to be 28 your complexities to
always have the six always do small
dungeons and oh yeah this is my stats
I've gotten from I dungeon pro so far I
got 80 in eight days along with this all
of these were one and now they're all
this level along with this and I had 72
at 72 strength and I think it was 64
attack when I first started
I've upgraded my ring I advise you to do
that as well so once you're in here run
the bot
settings are pretty self-explanatory you
can choose your primary combat style
your cellular combo so I don't use a
secondary it's pointless I get 22k
experience an hour most the time which
is satisfied for me turn off so i'll
swap it's pointless have prayers on you
can set it to rush I don't because I
think the prestige whenever you get up
in the high floors it really does give
you a lot more experience and that's it
that's your done and the bots going to
run for you and you'll have 80 in no
time alright bye